Update landing page for v1.0 launch (#762)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/community.md

</div>
            </div>
            <div class="w-full md:w-1/2">

>                 <div class="rounded-lg text-green p-5 border border-green-400 inline-block mb-8 h4">SLSA v1.0 is available now!</div>
>                 <br><br>

Reviewer: I suggest keeping this PR agnostic to the v1.0 release. That is, keep the old "v1.0 is coming soon" but still remove the old line 84 ("We've release a set of tools...") That way we can submit it now without waiting for the v1.0 approval.

```suggestion
                <div class="rounded-lg text-green p-5 border border-green-400 inline-block mb-8 h4">SLSA v1.0 is coming soon!</div>
                <p>The SLSA v1.0 release candidate specification is out and <a href="/blog/2023/02/slsa-v1-rc">available for community review</a>. We anticipate a stable release soon. <br><br>
```

Reviewer: I updated #832 with new language here.

Reviewer 2: I was thinking earlier that it would be good to merge some of the changes in this PR sooner rather than later, so yes! I think that makes sense.

> Google has been using an internal version of SLSA since 2013 and requires it for all of their production workloads.</p>

Reviewer: (Possibly for a future PR):

It would be good to update this to have more statements about SLSA's use in practice. Not only Google uses it now, so it seems out of place to just call out Google. Perhaps we could mention SUSE and other organizations with their permission?

Author: Agreed. Do you want to add to this PR? Otherwise I think this is ready to go.

Reviewer 2: I vote for merging this PR as is and deal with this in another.

Reviewer: Future PR SGTM. We could even do it as part of #832
